#39: Prepared release 0.4.0 (#40)
exasol/exasol-python-test-framework: doc/changes/changes_0.4.0.md

# Exasol Python Test Framework 0.4.0, released 2022-06-22
 
Code name: Python 3.8 and implemented available package check for Python.

## Summary

> This release upgrades to Python 3.8 as minimum Python version. Also, it includes a new utilitu UDF which checks if specific Python packages are installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release upgrades to Python 3.8 as minimum Python version. Also, it includes a new utility function which checks if specific Python packages is installed in the UDF environment.
```

> This release upgrades to Python 3.8 as minimum Python version. Also, it includes a new utility function which checks if specific Python packages is installed in the UDF environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release upgrades to Python 3.8 as minimum Python version. Also, it includes a new utility function which checks if specific Python packages are installed in the UDF environment.
```
